(opening theme music)
Well, look who's
here. Takemichi.
You are fired.
Huh?
Don't act surprised.
You totally up and disappeared
for two straight weeks.
And I'll give you just
one guess who management
decided to blame for all that.
[Takemichi] Wow, I'm so sorry-
Fired.
Right.
It's been two weeks since
I went back in time,
and if time passes
while I'm in the past,
time passes in the present, too.
Okay, what about my paycheck-
[Manager] Look for
a direct deposit.
Say, Naoto,
I was thinking what if
I tell the past Hina
what happens in her future?
You know, like the
way I did with you-
Absolutely not.
Takemichi, are you looking
for an easy way out?
No, no, it's not that!
I'm not trying to
take the easy way out
because life is hard
right now or anything.
Plus, if you told my
sister any of this,
she'd probably think you were
nuts and stop liking you.
No rational person would believe
what's going on here now.
How dumb are you?
The only reason I believed you
was because I happened to be
really into occult
stuff back then.
Yeah, you were. Plus, you
were still pretty young then.
Wait, did you just call me dumb?
Since Sendo is dead now,
we can't use him
to get to Mikey.
So to save Hinata, we
have to go into the past
and change Toman ourselves.
So we're back to
square one again.
(sighs) If only Draken
were still alive, huh?
Are you talking
about Ken Ryuguji?
Mm-hmm.
Did you research him?
I did.
This is the news story.
On August 3rd, 2005, in the
parking lot of Musashi Shrine
in the Shibuya Ward of Tokyo,
50 members of a biker gang
were involved in a brawl.
A young man in his third
year of middle school
was beaten and stabbed
in the abdomen.
He later died.
Some of these posts here
mention an internal struggle,
and according to them,
there was a bitter strife
between the the Mikey faction
and the Draken side,
resulting in Ryuguji's death.
Huh? Hey, hang on a sec!
August 3rd is only
two weeks away!
[Naoto] Correct,
but 12 years ago.
A fight between
Mikey and Draken?
There's gotta be
some kind of mistake!
Draken understands
Mikey like nobody else.
They're like brothers!
There's no way! The idea
of them fighting is loony!
So you think there's more to it?
Well, I don't know.
I just know Mikey could
never be Draken's enemy!
Well, it is an absolute fact
that Ryuguji died that day.
Let's look into it some more.
Today is July 19th,
so we have two weeks.
We need to find out how he died,
then on August 3rd,
you'll save Ryuguji.
That's your mission this time.
Manjiro Sano apparently
changed after Ryuguji's death.
Your friend Sendo
committed suicide
because he was afraid
of Tetta Kisaki.
And because Toman
became vicious and evil,
they killed my sister Hinata.
If you're successful, then
we can save all of them.
Save Draken and Akkun and Hina?
That's right.
We've got the perfect
solution then.
I'm going to save
Draken, no matter what!
You can do it.
[Takemichi] (groans)
Where, where am I?
There's something on top
of me, but, what the?
No kissing allowed.
Huh?
What the hell is going on here?
If there's no kissing,
exactly what else
is on the menu then?
(phone ringing)
-Oh?
-Huh?
Yeah, but add 30 minutes on.
Want anything to drink?
Hello?
Ah!
What the hell was that?
What's going on here?
My past life changed!
A forever-alone virgin like me
somehow ended up with
that total hottie?
I have to make sure Hina
never finds out about that.
About what?
Ah!
Hinata! What in the
world are you doing here?
[Hinata] I'm on my way
home from cram school,
but what are you
doing here, Takemichi?
Oh, uh, I was just uh...
[Hinata] Hmm?
Uh, what's wrong? Is there
something on my face?
[Hinata] Hmm.
Oh no! Don't tell me.
Does she already know?
Uh, I don't, uh, I don't
really remember what happened!
What are you talking about?
Huh? Uh...
What's up with you?
You're so weird lately.
[Takemichi] Huh?
Today, you're the
adult Takemichi.
But the night we
watched the fireworks
together up on the roof,
you left and just rushed
home without saying a word,
and you've been cold
to me at school.
But now tonight,
you seem nice again.
[Takemichi] That's right.
Whenever I go back
to the present,
the me that's here
is the past me
who has no idea what's going on.
No kissing allowed.
[Takemichi] How the hell did I
end up with that hottie, though?
-You're such a fool, past me!
-(cell phone vibrating)
Takemichi, isn't that
your phone ringing?
Huh? Oh.
Whoa, it's Draken.
Hello?
[Draken] Takemitchy, what
are you doing right now?
Me? Well, I was just talking to-
[Draken] Get on over
to Musashi Shrine.
We're all meeting there.
Huh? Um, now's not
really the best-
-(line disconnects)
-Hmm?
Hina, I'm sorry, but for some
reason Draken wants to see me.
Fine, then I'll go with you.
Seriously?
Well, Draken's a friend
of yours, isn't he?
(gentle music)
Tell me, Takemichi.
[Takemichi] Hm?
What things matter to you?
What do you consider
to be important?
Huh? Not sure what you mean.
Hmm.
What's important to me
are times like this.
We don't need to do anything.
Just the two of us
walking along together
talking about nothing
in particular.
I like just being able to
relax and spend time with you.
I hope we spend a lot
more time like this.
[Takemichi] Time. That's
right, there's my answer!
What's important to
me is saving Hina!
To prevent her from getting
killed by Toman in the future!
This is where you're
gonna meet him?
Mm-hmm, yeah.
Huh?
(motorcycle engine whirring)
Are you sure about this?
Oh, yeah!
They look pretty scary to me.
Yeah, but no need to be afraid.
Just don't stare.
They won't dare bother you
if they know you're
here with me.
Who wears biker gang
outfits anymore, huh?
And look how many
of them there are!
Hey, you!
Quit your staring!
What's your problem?
You wanna die?
Ah!
Get outta here
while you still can!
While you can still walk!
I'm sorry, I didn't
mean to stare!
But I was invited here!
Ah, bullshit! Do you
even know where you are?
[Takemichi] The Musashi Shrine!
Who the hell would invite
a piss ant like you
to a Toman meeting,
you little bastard?
[Hinata] Violence is wrong!
Wait a sec, are you Takemitchy?
Yeah, hi there.
What are you doing scaring
the commander's guest?
[Toman Member] I'm sorry
sir! I didn't know!
[Hinata] Are you
okay, Takemichi?
Yeah.
Come with me.
[Takemichi] Huh? Oh, yeah, sure.
Hey, Takemitchy.
Sorry, for the surprise invite.
[Draken] Why'd you decide
to bring your wifey along?
Sorry about that.
I just had no idea it was
going to be like this.
Hello again, Hinata.
I'm sorry for scaring
you the other day.
Oh, it's fine. That's
all forgotten now.
Besides, I'm sorry
for my behavior, too.
Hey, Emma!
[Emma] Yeah, what?
This is Takemitchy's wifey
so make sure you take
good care of her.
Will do.
Hey! What do you say, wussy boy?
Why would that girl be
calling you wussy boy?
Good question. Do you
already know Emma?
Uh, it's not what
you think, Hina!
You gotta believe me, Draken.
I don't remember a
thing that happened!
You mean like getting
me down to my underwear
then running away?
Oh, really? Is
that what happened?
You know, I'm really
not sure! Funny, huh?
I just don't seem to remember
a thing about it all!
No wait! I can explain!
-(punches thudding)
-(Takemichi yelping)
I'm so sorry, Hina.
Jerkface!
She is pissed.
I'm surprised you went after me
when you've got a
girlfriend like that one.
Don't you get the
wrong idea, though.
It's not like I like
you or anything.
I just used you.
[Takemichi] Huh?
I thought if I let him
see me with someone else,
he might get jealous.
But I guess it didn't
have any effect at all.
All he cares about is riding
and fighting and Mikey.
I thought messing around
would at least make
him a little mad.
[Takemichi] Now I get it.
She was just using me to get
Draken to pay attention to her.
Man, I really don't
understand girls at all.
[Draken] Takemitchy.
You done?
[Takemichi] Yes, sorry
to keep you waiting!
[Draken] All right,
gather around, everyone!
The meeting's about to start!
[All] Good evening,
Commander. Welcome, sir!
(soft mysterious music)
[Takemichi] Whoa, the whole
mood here changed completely
when Mikey stood
in front of them.
So this is the power the
commander of Toman holds.
I brought you here today
to talk about Moebius.
If they go up against
us, it'll mean war.
[Takemichi] Who's Moebius?
And what's this about a war?
No one told me about this!
[Mikey] So! I want to
know what you all think.
Ah!
Hey! What the hell?
What'd you do that for?
[Peh] Problem?
You're that Hanagaki punk right?
You're the little shit
that got our boss Kiyomasa
put outta commission, huh?
Yeah, and I'm thinking you're
gonna have to pay for that.
Pay for it how?
Back off, Pah.
You know full well
we're supposed to drop
the whole Kiyomasa issue now
since he used Toman's name to
promote his little fight club.
Huh? Well, I'm stupid I guess
'cause I don't know
what any of that means!
[Peh] Yeah, remember, Pah has
the brains of a sand flea!
[Pah] Who asked for your
opinion, you dipshit!
Hey! Pah!
Keep your mouth shut.
[Pah] Sorry, Draken.
Don't hold it against
him, Takemitchy.
Pah's just pretty
pissed off right now.
He's sorta out of
control, isn't he?
His best bud got
worked over by Moebius.
That's what ignited all of this.
Huh? What do you
mean, what happened?
It was Osanai.
He's the leader of
Moebius and a rough dude.
Pah's pal crossed him and
got the shit beat out of him,
then they raped
his girlfriend
right in front of him.
To top it all off, they
took all his money,
and then later they beat up
his parents and siblings too.
Brutal.
That's just the way the
whole Moebius gang operates.
They're two generations
above our gang
and they run Shinjuku.
What? I thought Toman
ran this whole area.
Toman runs Shibuya.
Shinjuku is separate.
And our whole gang is
still a relatively new one.
[Takemichi] So in
this time frame,
there was another gang that
was even bigger than Toman!
Well then, Pah.
War?
Moebius are
experienced fighters.
Some of Toman's guys
aren't gonna survive,
and I'd be making you
guys fight my battle.
But I'm too pissed
off to let it go.
But that's not what
I was asking you.
Are we gonna fight or not?
Yes, I wanna fight!
I wanna murder all
those sons of bitches!
Thought so.
Anyone here think
Pah's beef with Moebius
is too much for us to deal with?
-No way!
-Come on!
Anyone here scared
of getting beat up?
Anyone here scared of Moebius?
-No!
-Those wusses!
There, you see?
(gang chuckling)
Moebius is gonna fall!
[Gang] Yeah!
[Mikey] August 3rd, at
the Musashi Festival!
That's where it's
all gonna go down!
-Right!
-Yeah, boy, woo!
[Takemichi] August 3rd.
And on August 3rd,
you'll save Ryuguji.
That's the day Draken dies!
Naoto said that August 3rd
is when the Mikey faction
and the Draken faction
have a conflict
that gets Draken killed.
But now that I'm here
12 years in the past,
a battle between Toman and
Moebius is about to go down.
So what does that mean?
It means I'm not smart enough
to figure all this out!
All right, Naoto, I've got it!
I know just how I
can save Draken.
I'm gonna be his bodyguard.
No doubt. This idea proves
I'm a freaking genius.
My bodyguard? No way.
Oh, thank you!
You'll be glad you...
Wait, what'd you say?
Why would I want
anything so annoying?
You'd suck at that job anyway.
You don't mean it like that!
I can't believe I failed
my mission already.
But I'm not giving up that
easily. Time for plan B!
If I can't guard him, at
least I can follow him!
[Mikey] What the hell, man?
Huh?
A fight?
Someone's gonna pay for this!
[Takemichi] He's pissed!
Is this where his fight
with Draken starts?
There's no flag
in my kid's meal!
[Takemichi] Huh?
I ordered a kid's meal
and it's not a kid's
meal without a flag!
I'm sorry, sir. I'll go
get you one right away.
Here you go, Mikey.
There's your flag.
Oh! (laughs) All right,
Kenny, you did it!
[Takemichi] What? Where
did he get the flag from?
[Draken] (groans) That's
it! I've had it with you!
[Takemichi] Huh?
Now they sound for sure
like they're fighting!
-(Mikey snoring)
-(Draken grumbling)
What? He's asleep?
Damn it, I hate the way
you always fall asleep
right after you eat.
I swear, Mikey, you
are so hopeless.
[Takemichi] Wow, I
guess that's just how
Mikey is most of the time.
Draken is freaking amazing.
He's got Mikey's back
every minute of every day.
But if he were
ever to lose it...
Wake up, Mikey. We're here.
Huh? What are we
doing at the hospital?
[Draken] We're making
a little visit.
[Mikey] Who's that?
[Draken] Pah's
buddy's girlfriend.
[Takemichi] She's the
reason this conflict
with Moebius started.
[Draken] She's been
unconscious for five days now.
What the hell are
you doing here?
How dare you show
your faces here!
Get out!
Easy, dear.
Get out, both of you!
Our daughter almost died
because of gangster
trash like you!
We haven't done
anything wrong, Kenny.
Don't bow to this guy.
Why are you trying to take
it out on us anyway, old man?
You disgusting vermin!
Every night out looking for
a fight and causing damage
and destruction and
danger to innocent people!
[Mother] Honey, stop.
Huh?
You disrespect people's property
and their neighborhoods!
Acting like irresponsible kids
even now when you're
so-called adults?
You're all just
worthless little punks!
Who do you think you're
talking to, old man?
What are you doing?
Chill out. We're
in the wrong here.
Like getting bowed to
by two pieces of shit
is going to make
my daughter well?
What?
Mikey just shut your mouth.
[Takemichi] Mikey's
right though, actually.
They're not the ones
who hurt this girl.
Our poor daughter, in
a coma for days now!
Just look at her!
Her face and her body have
been battered and bruised!
(sobbing)
And for what?
What did she ever do to you
to deserve such cruel abuse?
(mother crying)
Our beautiful little girl
has been disfigured
and despoiled for life!
You scum have ruined everything.
Please leave.
We never want to see you
here or anywhere again.
Soon we'll be fighting Moebius.
We'll deal with
our own problems,
but it'll be in our own world.
All of our crew have
families and relatives
and people who are
important to them.
We can't let innocent people
get dragged into this.
We can't hurt their
friends and family.
It's not that you
have to bow your head.
Just have a heart that cares.
You're a good guy, Kenny.
You're right, I apologize,
and I'm glad to
have you by my side.
[Takemichi] I think
now I can understand
why Mikey would have changed
so much after Draken died.
And how the Toman of
12 years in the future
became such an
evil organization.
Draken was never
supposed to have died.
[Takemichi] Draken
is Mikey's heart.
He compensates for
what Mikey lacks.
I'm feeling pretty hungry
all of a sudden, Kenny.
What? You just chowed
down a whole kid's meal.
I always get hungry after a nap.
[Draken] How does
that even work?
[Takemichi] If only
Naoto could see this.
I knew I was right!
There's just no
way that these two
could ever fight each other!
(closing theme music)
(vocalists singing
in Japanese)